Really, not just in class, but. at Proxify, I am a talent acquisition based in Brazil, and well, to start off our call, I like to know, how do you know about Proxify? How did you find out about us?
Okay, okay, Mariana, thank you. First of all, thank you for having me here, for giving me the opportunity to be part of the Proxify team. So, okay, okay, really, I just was trying to find a job related with machine learning and things like that, and I found the opportunity in LinkedIn, so I tried to to apply it, and finally I am the process. I in the process, I already passed the English exam, but anyways, I'm sorry for my English, and I'm gonna try to do my best. I think that this is a very important opportunity for me, because you know, this is like a door for a lot of kind of projects and work and jobs where I'm gonna learn so much things,
that is great, that is awesome. So, before we start, I can I add the Fireflies AI note taker to our call? Are we comfortable with that?
No, I didn't get it. I didn't get the question. Could you repeat me with another? Sorry, sorry, no
worries. Is the fireflies not taker the AI bot to take notes of our call? Are you comfortable with that?
Yes, yeah, no problem. Okay,
okay. Here he is. Well, I like to always say that this is going to be a casual conversation. Of course, I'm going to have some questions about you and your background, so you can know more about us, and so I will explain a little on the first minutes for Proxify. Then I will open for questions for my questions about you and your background, and I like to open the last five minutes, five to 10 minutes, for any additional questions, if you have anything else that you want to ask, but basically this is like I said, conversation just to know each other better. Okay, okay,
perfect. So finally, this is not a technical interview that I need to be preparing, right?
No, no, no, no, no. This is just like a talk, just to know more about yourself.
Okay, perfect. No, I'm feeling comfortable.
No, don't feel nervous. I know that in job interviews we tend to get a little nervous, but don't be. This is just like a talk,
okay? But starting
with Proxify, we are a Swedish company, and we work as a network, so it means that we don't have only one opportunity or only one client available. We've been working with more than 1000 clients right now, with more than 120 countries right now. Mostly of our opportunities are full time, so you can expect working 12 months within same client, and of course we want this period to be more than 12 months, so you can continue working within the client, so it's pretty our goal. And here we believe that working remote gives you this flexibility, so we've been working mostly with clients overlap over Europe and North America, but you don't need to worry about time zones and overlapping time, since we've been working asynchronous, and we've been hiring across the world, so you don't need to worry about the time zones. You can work in your own time zone with this flexible schedule, with minimum to no micro management at all, because we believe trust over tracking tools, and that's the best part of everything of working remotely, that is not having the heavy micromanagement. Also, thinking about benefits on being proxify, we have a lot of coaching and engaging activities that pursue for growth, so we have a lot of engagement for learning and certification as well, you can expect having like once in a year a performance review, so along this performance review you'll have a longer rate review, so you can expect having a raise after a while working within the client, and last but not least, it's important to mention that we are not a freelance platform, so you'll be working with one client only, but is a 1099 so it's a b contract. You'll be working as a contractor on the behalf of Proxify for the client. Okay, basically this is a quick introduction. Oh, I forgot to mention about we pay through deal. I don't know if you ever heard about this platform, it's I will I will write it here, so you can search a little bit, but it still, you receive your money, for example, in USD, and then the, then you can withdraw this money by PayPal, by bank account directly, you can also receive by Wise, and the best thing is that is already converted with the with a low tax, I always like to say that will depend from country to country, the taxes, but usually from deal this is not like a huge difference from like receiving directly from from the company. Okay, yeah, basically this is a little bit about ProxyFi, and a quick introduction for now. Do you have any questions right that you want to ask, or can we open in the end? Which one do you
prefer? Perfect, perfect. Mariana, yes, yes, awesome. The, okay, I mean, the, the way, the way of ProxyFi is awesome for me. I'm feeling very aligned with that. I have already worked with B contract, so I'm familiar with all of the things that involve all of these things. And also, okay, I have some questions. Just to make clear, just to be clear, I want to confirm that I'm going to be working with Profi itself, right? And my contract is going to be directly with the proxify, and I'm going to be assigned it to different projects, and I want to confirm as well if finally I'm going to be working with companies in Europe, right? In Europe, Europe, so because finally, maybe
mainly, yeah,
because finally,
sorry,
I have heard about buy this depth, but I want to make sure the if, if by the depth is similar, finally similar in the, in the, in the way to job, because finally by the depth is more like United States opportunity, right?
Yeah, it's similar to by the staff, you can say that it's similar. I don't know if they work as mostly as freelance, but you can expect, like, having been as a proxy contractor working on the behalf of the client, so as a B2B contract, you'll be hired as a proxy for employee working on the behalf of the client, and mostly, yes, of our projects will be in Europe, so you can expect working from all of those places, but we also have in North America, strong is like you can expect seven 70% of them being in Europe, and the other 30% on us and Canada, so
okay, okay, perfect, got it, got it. And another question could be, could the salary be different among the opportunities, among the projects, or finally the salary that I, that I have in the first, in the very first time is going to be the same along the time,
well, usually the rate we pre decided, so which is the better fit for you. We have a range that is based on the years of experience, what the client is requesting, and for the range that they are offering for the certain text texts, but mostly this will be discussed within within the client, so you can, you can expect like having this within this process being mostly on them.
Okay, okay, okay, you guys. So, no, no, no more question, no more question, very clear for me. Thank you. Okay,
okay. Thank you so much for asking. If you have any other questions, I like to open in the end of the call again. If you have anything else, but right now I would love to meet more about you, Neo. I want you to share more of your experience, your main text text, and yeah, what have you been working in in this latest projects?
Okay, okay, perfect. So, I like to start by saying that I have, okay, more than seven years of experience inside of the IT world. So, for me, it's I think that I'm feeling very prepared for four phase very huge challenge in terms of not only artificial intelligence world, but also developer world developing world, and also all related with it world, because, because finally I have experience with databases, with business, not business, but data analytics for more than seven years. I have been working in different areas throughout the from my background, and I have had experience working with developer tasks, with developing developer jobs, for example, in the like a full stack developer, so I have experience in the back inside, in the front end, I have experience in tools like React, Flutter for mobile developer, and things like that. Finally, I have experience like a full full stack developer, I had experience with big diet, big data, and data analysis 10 years ago, and I have - I'm currently working with, with finally with artificial intelligence world. I have around four years of experience, fully for of in the in the artificial intelligence world by applying mainly two kind of models, the first one is RAG kind of models, where I developed rack system or RAG system for fraud detection model in the banking sector with Teshe Mahindra. This was my last, my last experience, I worked with a comprehensive team from Canada and from India. I had this experience. It was an awesome, an awesome experience, because I work at very alignment with the security and banking sector, and finally it's provided me a very, okay, a very good understanding about the end to end ML ops project project. So finally I work in two sites. In the first one, it was to develop a project about fraud detection from yes, fraud detection transactions for the in the banking sector, and also once this project has was developed, I started to contribute to the to this RIG system to retrieve information in the, okay, either semantic and quantitative information for the database of the bank. Right, so I worked in those industries, and also I work with division technology in the also with NLP projects. Finally, in battle, but I also work it as a full stack developer there in the time, in the time that I work with, working with them, and also have been working in different kind of projects related with the machine learning models, whether, if, whether to, whether if we wanted to, for example, in the, in the first part, the fraud detection, we I developed XG boost models and regulation models, decision tree, and some things like that, but also, for example, to what else I lost, I love the, I love the idea I remember, no, mainly, mainly those I forget the other, the other projects, I have other projects in my mind, but it was some years ago, but mainly I have been working, I have been working in this, in these ways. First of all, with the RIG and LP systems, and also machine learning models overall, right. And what else? Well, I Okay, I'm studying software engineering master's degree right now for the university in Spain. Okay, I'm working in a remote mode, and also I already have master's degree in artificial intelligence. I have little studies in Stanford. Okay, remotely about artificial intelligence as well. My, my foundation studies is about financial, yes, financial studies, and what else, I have an official professional degree about full stack developer, like full stack developer from Mexico, and no more. I'm sorry, I'm a little bit nervous, but I tried to do my worries, and
that's pretty good.
Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you very much. And okay, as far as I remember, that's my background. Yes,
very good. And then you, what are you looking into a new job right now? What kind of opportunities really resonates to you, and thinking on this last project, why did you decide to leave, or why are you seeking a new opportunity?
Okay, my last job, the reason.. okay, my last job has finished because finally we had a project, we had our project, but the project, the project has finished, so I need to.. okay, they say that they need to finish my contract, because of that, right? Mainly right. So, even I have a recommendation letter from my boss, I'm a last boss. So, finally, I'm feeling very prepared, and okay, it's important to add. It's very important to add that I have understanding about the all end to end process of of of the of the machine learning and NLP projects. Okay, so I have experience, and I have been in touch with from the very, very starting of the project documentation, different tools. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you know what tools I have, have been working with, and but I have retrieved and feed the model from the very databases, for I mean the data warehouse training the model, if you require upload this information and working and manage the model in AWS or Google Cloud Platform, I have experience of that. I want, I want to talk a little bit about the tools, right? So the code for containerization with Docker, Kubernetes, Fast API, and things like that. I forget to say that, and so I have experience in all of these things, also in Langhine, with the with NLP systems, training the model with, for example, using different kind of models and selecting the champion model according to the metrics, maybe use ML flow or the other tools relay directly from AWS for tracking the model performance from the in the system itself, but also in the metrics according to the business rule for the from the client, right. So I have experienced in all of these things, and also from after the deployment, following and tracking the performance of the model, maybe if we have some box on some walls to achieve. Finally, I have experienced, and all of these things, and what else? Fast API in the back end, I already said all of the things that's all, but it's important. I think that's important to mention that I have no very good life cycle.
Amazing, I really like how structured your answer is. And well, now I'm about asking about testing. How do you test your back-end APIs and AI pipelines, which test frameworks that you've been using,
for example, with Rajax. I don't know if pronounced Rajaxi, for example, for size and evaluate the performance, maybe file fullness, for example, are for example hallucinations, and on the other hand, I have used, I have been working with latency in the, in the, in the system once the model has been deployment, deploy it, and things like that, also MLL flow, as I said, and I'm the bacterial databases, remember, I remember, I remember the, the tool, but okay, I feel like that, because it was, you know, this is a very huge topic, and I is a little bit difficult to, to all of the, all all of the tools fresh, okay. But, but, okay, things I have, I have knowledge, and if, if the client needs to, for example, okay, we don't want to work with AWS, we want to go to work with Google platform, so I have experience with the Google Cloud Platform platform, but if you require to learn something or to apply with different tools, I'm feeling very, very, very strange to start to work in, and I think that my learning curve wouldn't be very high in terms of the difficult, because finally I am familiar with all of these processes and tools,
very good, very good. And for CI/CD pipelines, have you set up any CI/CD pipelines from your projects? If yes, what tools do you use?
Okay, for CDs, okay, I remember that I use it, okay, something related with the line shine, and all the sweet with the line shine, and also GitHub actions, as well as I remember, and only related with with CD CI and CD, not only in develop but also not only in DevOps but also in envelopes. Yes, I remember that we use these tools
very good, very good. Now asking for security, what practices do you follow to ensure data privacy and secure handling, especially sensitive information?
Okay, it's very important. Okay, in the, as far as I remember, by using a AWS, we use, okay, the back end and the database have a very important security walls when I work with them, and, but I don't remember, but because, as far as I remember, the prompting engineering, it was an important step, but also the fast API security configuration and guardrails were very important, but, but in this moment I haven't been with ambiguous ideas about that, but I remember that we use it to to hold the security all rules, finally, and constraints of the of the model very
good now. Danny, I want to ask about your notice period. Can you start as soon as possible? Do you need like a week or two to start? How is that for you?
No, I will say that immediately. I will say that immediately, because I already finished my last job and my last project, so I prepared to start according to the client needs
awesome, and for salary expectations, I like to ask, what is the bare minimum that you could accept for this next position?
I have a very, a very wide range of salary range, it will be around till tier $2,000 per month to $4,000 per month, according to the according to the conditions of the job. Very
good. Okay. Well, Danielle, I think this is basically all my questions. I really like the way that you explain on your background. For me, it was really rich, but I would like to know in the rest last minutes if you have anything else that you want to ask me
more. No, no, I think that I have very clear perspective about the job, I understand about the job, so I have it all clear in this moment, or clear.
That's phrase, that's pretty great. Well, I would like to thank you so much for this call, and for talking to me. If you have any questions, feel free to reach us out, but just for you to know, we are not the kind of company that leaves you without an answer or without an update about your process, so pay attention to your email for these next steps. If it's a yes, you're going to move for the technical interview, that is the last step on the hiring process, but you have all the information, and like I said, all the communication through the email as needed. Okay, so thank you so much. Good luck. Pay attention to your email, and it was again a pleasure talking to you.
Okay, Mariana. Thank you. Thank you very much. Have a good day, and take care.
You too. Bye. Take care.
Bye.